It's impossible.
Second Young Master, if you don't believe me, you can check it online.
Now the whole network is talking about this game.
It is equal to the glory of the king.
Tell me.
Vu Feng hasn't said yet.
Your bet requires you to make 1.5 billion dollars in a month.
Now just to prove that your game is exploding.
It doesn't mean you can make 1.5 billion dollars back in a month.
It's just construction.
It's not pure profit.
You may not win.
Sage, in its current form.
Can the profit reach 1.5 billion within a month?
Master doesn't need a month.
Just now.
General Manager Joe sold the dealer rights to this game to a large client.
The price is 20 pieces.
I heard they only made two billion.
What else do you say, you idiot?